Junsheng
Don't worry, I will accompany you to the end today.
Crazy listen to my advice
If you don't have strength, let's not pretend
Yeah, they're all so grown up
Don't act tough and lose your life instead
Hahahaha
The mouth is so hard
I'll cut your tongue out and feed it to the dogs
You see that?
The little second master is the leader of the male god playing with knives
Once a man with a sword
This kid is going to suffer today
Then we have to stay away.
Be careful not to see blood
You are amazing
photon
If you beg me now, I can leave you whole
You asked for it.
Just hold back and shut him up before I
I held back and no one knew who you were
Tell me where your boss, Yukio Gucheng, is
Brother, we are undercover agents who see chaos